princess where are you
it's very spooky in here I'm playing
games well at least we know where the
princess is DreamWorks Pictures invites
you to a land of fairy tales hey no no
dead girl what we're an unlikely hero
definitely some tic-tacs is something
cuz your friend thanks rescues of fair
princess you didn't play the dragon it's
on my to-do list from a nasty villain
with the help of his trusty companion
this is gonna be fun
we can see a blade it's my the manly
stories in the morning I'm making
waffles this summer one name spells
action you're done exactly what I
expected one name spells adventure for
the Soul I'm gonna need a whole lot of
serious therapy
one name don't look down I'm looking
down spells romance it's no Thursday
Mike Myers Eddie Murphy Cameron Diaz
John let go you love this woman don't
you yes you wanna hold up yes please
[Music]
[Applause]
Shrek Wow let's do that again No
[Music]